Thaai Kizhavi (transl. Godmother) is a 2026 Indian Tamil-language comedy drama film written and directed by Sivakumar Murugesan, in his directorial debut. Produced by Sudhan Sundaram and Sivakarthikeyan under Passion Studios and Sivakarthikeyan Productions, the film stars Radhika Sarathkumar in the titular role, alongside Singampuli, Aruldoss, Munishkanth, Bala Saravanan, and Ilavarasu. 
Thaai Kizhavi released in theatres on 27 February 2026 and received critical acclaim from critics.


Plot
In Kadupatti village, Usilampatti, a local money lender Pavunuthaayi lies on her death bed. Her three estranged sons must figure a way to keep her alive to appropriate a share of her wealth.


Cast


Production
On 24 December 2025, Sivakarthikeyan's company Sivakarthikeyan Productions announced that they would join hands with Sudhan Sundaram's banner Passion Studios for the film Thaai Kizhavi. The film is directed by debutant Sivakumar Murugesan, who previously worked as an assistant director and screenwriter in Kadaisi Vivasayi (2022) and Aan Paavam Pollathathu (2025), and would feature Radhika Sarathkumar as the lead actress. The technical crew includes music composer Nivas K. Prasanna, cinematographer Vivek Vijayakumar and editor San Lokesh.


Release


Theatrical
Thaai Kizhavi released in theatres on 27 February 2026. Earlier it was scheduled for 20 February 2026.


Home media
Thaai Kizhavi's post theatrical streaming and satellite rights have been acquired by JioHotstar and Vijay Television respectively.


Soundtrack

The soundtrack is composed by Nivas K Prasanna. The first single "Thaai Kizhavi Varaa" sung by Sivakarthikeyan was released on 5 February 2026. The second single "Mattikitan Minorkunju" sung by Sublahshini and Alex Samuel Jenito was released on 21 February 2026. Additionally the songs "Injerungo" from the 2000 film Thenali, "Engeyum Eppothum" from the 1980 film Ninaithale Inikkum, "Yellelama" from the 2011 film 7 Aum Arivu, "Megham Karukkuthu" from the 2000 film Kushi, "Maada Vilakkae" from the 2004 film Virumaandi, "Yaarendru Therigiratha" from the 2013 film Vishwaroopam, "Vikram Vikram" from the 1986 film Vikram,"Karbagraham Vitu Samy Veliyerathu" from the 2004 film Virumaandi and "Kadavul Amaitha Vaitha Medai" from the 1974 film Aval Oru Thodar Kathai are reused in the film crediting the original composers.


Reception
Thaai Kizhavi received critical acclaim from critics.
Yashaswini Sri of The Indian Express gave 4/5 stars and wrote, "Thaai Kizhavi is a well-written, well-acted rural entertainer that works as a comedy drama, and leaves you thinking a little after the credits roll. Radikaa Sarathkumar reminds everyone why she belongs at the center of a film. A solid watch".Janani K of India Today gave 4/5 stars and wrote, "Thaai Kizhavi is well-intentioned, sharply executed, quietly radical and much-needed in today's world. It champions financial independence and women's agency without ever feeling like a lecture. Sivakumar Murugesan's final frame is wholesome, powerful, and unmistakably progressive — the work of a filmmaker who clearly had something to say and knew exactly how to say it".


References


External links
Thaai Kizhavi at IMDb